     __  ____   ___  ______ __ __ __ ___  ___      ___   ____  __  ______ __ __
    (( \ || \\ // \\ | || | || || || ||\\//||     // \\ ||    (( \ | || | || ||
     \\  ||_// ||=||   ||   || || || || \/ ||    (( ___ ||==   \\    ||   || ||
    \_)) ||    || ||   ||   || \\_// ||    ||     \\_|| ||___ \_))   ||   \\_//

Spatium Gestu (latin: "Space Gesture") is a project demonstrating how to create a Manuvrable. This particular project uses the MGC3130 (via the Hillstar development board) to build a gesture pad. The project was named "Space Gesture" because the MGC3130 uses electric field distortions over an area to infer the position of a user's hand. The first-order data so derived is used to return positional information and some simple gesture events to the user's software.

Positional accuracy with the MGC3130 is very good, and the gesture-detection algorithms are robust. We will tie the events so generated to baked-in ManuvrOS messages to issue position reports to a counterparty.


----------------------
#### What is in this repository:

**./#dModels**:  Blender models to build the casings.

**./confs**:  Configurations for various libraries.

**./doc**:  Documentation related to this project.

**./src**:  Source for the program.


----------------------
#### Building

##### First, you may want to download the dependencies...

    ./downloadDeps.sh


##### The Raspi version:

    make BOARD=RASPI

##### You can also enable debugging features:

    make DEBUG=1


----------------------
####License
Original code is covered by LICENSE.

Code adapted from others' work inherits their license terms, which were preserved in the commentary where it applies.

----------------------
####Cred:
The ASCII art in this file was generated by [this most-excellent tool](http://patorjk.com/software/taag).
